## Todo
- Drop my flower codpiece in the [[Gadget Emporium]] when we leave, as an excuse to go back and buy some prank materials

### Necklace Riddle
On a bed of stone, etched with care,
A riddle waits for those who dare
To seek the garden of mirth and play,
Where laughter flows both night and day.

Beyond the gate, beyond the wall,
Lies a place where giggles call.
Listen close and you will hear
The sound of joy, the sound of fear.

Follow the path of winding vines
And step between the ivy lines.
Through the arch of blooming flowers
Lies the garden of happy hours.

Where fountains sing and laugher rings,
And the scent of joy forever clings.
In the Giggle Water Garden you'll find
Happiness and mind unwind.

## Notes
- Someone who "used to be such a good boy" stole the necklace and is now in the Gigglewater Garden
	- Now there's weird shit going down there, he's too afraid to talk about it
- Gerik bought a clockwork beetle
- We crossed a bridge to the first of 3 islands, and Enna got dumped in the water.
- Gerik climbed up into the greenhouses, and met a gnome named Thistledown Thumbledore
	- One of the gnome youth who had always been trouble stole "something" and couldn't pay the price
		- BD
	- Then he disappeared, and now if anyone is on the island at night, they disappear
	- He also gave me 3 cherries and 1 mudcherry
- The second island had some nice gardens, with 3 paths
- We took the left one, and ran into a gnome who was picking nightshade berries
	- He said that eating them raw would kill someone
	- But they could be made into a potion that would heal lots of stuff
	- Much more potent if picked at night
	- We promised to pick him some at night
- Came to a fork, one had winding vines, one had sprigs of ivy. We thought the ivy wasn't in "Lines" yet, so we followed the vines. We went on a bit, and we heard Haw's bird, and Gerik noticed his canteen was missing
	- But I did get a jar of mudcherries! I have 5 cherries and 3 mudcherries
	- Up ahead we saw the bird 30 feet high in a tree
	- We impressed some gnomes, and they gave us a carved wooden tree
- Continued past the ivy, through an arch, and across a bridge to the third island
- Found a puzzle with 5 pedestals.
	- the tree went in the middle one, then the outer ones were for "predators" and the second-to-inner ones were for "prey".
	- Gerik was the predator to some cherries
	- Cloud was the predator to a fish
- This opened up a door into the tree, which has some glowing stones but is otherwise dark
- We accidentally fell onto a slide-like path, but managed to take the "correct" turn and found some stairs
- We came up into a larger room, with some veins of glowing wood that some plants are growing in. Gerik brushed some plants, resulting in 7 of them getting up and trying to attack him
- 